g'day the purpose of this video is to
show people how to build a hydrogen cell
basically there are many different types
of designs I've been playing with this
stuff for a few years now and this unit
here was loaned to me by somebody and
observing this unit compared to the
stuff I've seen and played with at this
time I would say that this design would
be probably one of the most far superior
designs and easiest designs for people
to build there are many different
designs and there are many different
concepts but for what this is and how
easy it is in the cost effective of it
for me if I was to recommend anybody to
build any hydrogen cells that will tell
them to build this one as you can see
this is a containing you just buy from
the secret pocket put your weet-bix in
or drink or whatever you want to put in
I suppose these are a bunch of tubes in
here okay
and he's using chopping board that you
chop your vegetables on to hold those
tubes in and basically all those tubes
are 3-1 16 Mostel okay this kind of runs
through really quickly on how this was
built so you yourself and go out and
build one of these yourself and we'll
show you the production of this thing
the thing I like about this cell is that
I think it's got a quite good production
for cell it doesn't use any electrolyte
it just uses tap water only and if you
look at the design of the tubes it's
sort of half based on what Stanley Meyer
did with his demonstration cell okay so
okay we flex you pull the cell out of
the container here just for you show you
a look at it as you can see this is just
normal chopping board if it was me I'd
gone by a thick piece of polycarbonate
and use that actually find the
polycarbonate is pretty good insulator
for all this stuff
and these are just basically two tubes
size-wise it doesn't matter what size
you use as long as you get the two tubes
and they're within say three ml of each
other I'd say these tubes around about
eight inches long each and all of these
outer tubes here all of them here if you
if you look here they're all positive so
that's positive positive positive
positive positive in there and positive
on the outside so basically every tube
is positive on the outside and each tube
on the inner on the inside it's all
negative negative negative negative
negative and so on okay
so very simple as far as setting up a
tubes this setup here is just how he set
it up to do all the negative and
positive tones you can make up your mind
on what you want to do for that there's
many different ways of doing that this Y
here looks like a stainless steel wire
that he's pulled off a fence as such or
railing if you've seen the fancy
stainless steel railing why they use on
some of these fancy projects they do so
that's about all I've got to explain on
the cell it's pretty basic and match to
you out there to build these cells you
can see how this works basically this
cell we're going to try a few
experiments on behalf of panacea we want
to base it on a Dave Wharton cell if
this was my water cell basically if I
was to build this I'd probably build
these tubes around about down 600
millimeters to meet at all if you really
want to be serious and separate the men
from the boys I'd be making meter tubes
basically okay it's a big cell I know
but you're going to see in a minute how
much hydrogen production that this thing
makes and if you see what I made a cell
would do you never need to put an
electrolyte in you'd create the gas that
you want and I believe you'd also have a
different frequency in the water by not
using electrolyte
anyway we're going to set this up and
give you a demonstration okay basically
we've put the water in it there is no
electrolyte and this is a straight tap
water and I'm just using a 12-volt car
battery and we're just going to hook
this up now I haven't got a multimeter
to measure the ends at this time the
suspect between one to three amps this
thing would chew and if you watch the
gas production for what it is I think
it's quite rapid for the actual setup
itself
see if I can get a side shot Oh
I don't know what you can see that
I'll disconnect that at all
okay if I connect the power terminal up
just watch how instantly it dumb turns
on again
now with Dave Lawton some circuit or
Stanley Meyer circuit I believe this
gas production would be quite more
productive again if it was all set up
right based on what Russia has done in
India
beautiful milky top which I don't see
this with the letter light the waters
sort of stays clean for a lot longer and
you probably won't see this but this a
lot of folk coming off the top which
that's a subject in itself as far as I'm
concerned
I hope you all enjoyed and I hope some
of you guys build something like this